Team AEI
Ishita Gupta, Eric Lo, Alvin Wu
SoftDev
K08 -- Cross Pollination and Virtual Insanity 
   Analyzing and comparing other people's approaches to previous homework
2020-10-03

Our own files:    Some of us made dictionaries of a list of jobs and a list of percents while others made
                    a dictionary pairing a job with its corresponding percent.
                  Some of us parsed the file normally and split the file using the commas, making a separate
                    case for the jobs containing quotes, while some of us parsed it as a csv file and did not
                    need to create that extra case.
                  Some of us used rsplit to look for that last comma in the edge case, while others used the quotes.
                  Some of us played with line numbers to skip the title and totals, others used startswith, and some just
                    popped a specific element after reading the file.
                  Some of us used shorthand for for loops.
                  To get the occupations.csv, some of us copy pasted the contents and some of us right clicked the file
                    and saved the link as a csv file.
                  
Team Nintentoads: What made you guys go for a more mathematical solution (seems like a unique approach)? 
                  They added up percents, stopping at the one that took the sum over a randomly generated number, choosing that percent's job.
                  Are this algorithm and the random.choices function the same?
                  The big plan was clear and convenient.
                  
Team Blue Bird:   They formed a dictionary by splitting the file into an array and then iterating through that array
                    instead of iterating through the file line by line and adding to a dictionary.
                  Why does rounding work in a separate for loop but not the same for loop? What do you mean "some percentages
                    wouldn't round"?
                  What does random.uniform do?
                  They turned each job's percentage into a set of ranges totalling from 0 to 99.8 in order to pick out one.